// Signup Endpoint
# This endpoint is responsible for creating accounts.
# It can only accept POST request

# After signup
#  1.        the user's profile is created too.
#  2.        An Email is sent to the user's Email for verification

post https://linkproject.pythonanywhere.com/accounts/signup
Content-Type: application/json

{"username": "meee", "password": "Npoje@cct", "email":"nejwbnmt@gmail.co"}


###
// Login Endpoint
# This endpoint allows users to login into their account.
# It accepts only POST request
# email and password are required fields

# the cookies is saved on the frontend after a successful login automatically
# the token is also returned

post https://linkproject.pythonanywhere.com/accounts/login
Content-Type: application/json

{"password": "mypasword",  "email":"mayowa@gmail.com"}

### 
//  Read and Update User Profile
# This can take get, put methods
# Anybody can view anybody's profile
# Only a user can update his/her profile - so the token must be provided for a put method
# in the /access - access is the username of this specific user.

# In this case, admin is the current user

# Please use a FormData for this request, do not use any Content-Type, so the profile_pic can work.

put https://linkproject.pythonanywhere.com/accounts/userprofile/admin

{
    "name": "MayowaYusuf",
    "bio": "Programmer",
    "category": "Baller",
    "sub_category": "mechanic",
    "bio_title": "Me against the world",
    "id": "100",
    "links": {
        "twitter": "@Craennie",
        "instagram": "@MayowaYusuf",
        "linkedin": "MayowaYusuf"
    },
    "header": "Newst guy",
    "profile_pic": <insert image>,
    
}

// To test if user is online
# Token must be in the Headers - Authorization
###
get https://linkproject.pythonanywhere.com/accounts
Content-Type: application/json


// To Verify User
# After a successful Account Creation, they will be required to verify their account.
# A Link is sent to their Email for Verification
# A Get Request has to be sent to this link.

# User has to be authenticated to complete this request!
###
get https://linkproject.pythonanywhere.com/accounts/verify-user/93b60b
Content-Type: application/json
